WIP Basic Installation Docs (#843)
seqeralabs/wave: docs/install/configuring-wave.md

> ## Email Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Email configuration
```

### SMTP 

> Wave can be configured to send notification emails this requires an SMTP Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wave can be configured to send notification emails. This requires an SMTP Server.
```

> Add `mail` to your micronaut environment and configure mail as such

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `mail` to your Micronaut environment and configure as follows:
```

```yaml
mail:
  from: REPLACE_ME_WAVE_CONTACT_EMAIL
  smtp:
    host: REPLACE_ME_TOWER_SMTP_HOST
    port: "REPLACE_ME_TOWER_SMTP_PORT"
    user: REPLACE_ME_TOWER_SMTP_USER                    # (!) Security Enhancement Candidate.
    password: REPLACE_ME_TOWER_SMTP_PASSWORD            # (!) Security Enhancement Candidate.
    auth: true
    starttls:
      enable: true
      required: true
    ssl:
      protocols: "TLSv1.2"
```

### SES 

> Note if you're intending to use AWS SES & IAM Authentication you must add the micronaut environment `aws-ses` along with `mail`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
To use AWS SES and IAM authentication, you must add both the `aws-ses` and `mail` micronaut environments.
:::
```

> Please note that Wave's SES integration requires SES to be configured in the same region as the Wave deployment and will use the configured IAM role to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Wave SES integration, SES must be configured in the same region as the Wave deployment and use the same configured IAM role.
```
